=head1 NAME

Text::HatenaLite::Formatter::JSON - Convert Hatena Notation Lite into JSON data

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Text::HatenaLite::Parser;
  use Text::HatenaLite::Formatter::JSON;
  
  $data = Text::HatenaLite::Parser->parse_string ($text);
  my $formatter = Text::HatenaLite::Formatter::JSON->new;
  $formatter->parsed_data($data);
  print $parser->as_jsonalizable;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Text::HatenaLite::Formatter::JSON> class converts the parsed
representation of text in Hatena Notation Lite as JSON serializable
data.

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item $formatter = $CLASS->new

Create a new instance of the formatter.

=item $formatter->parsed_data($data)

Set the parsed data to the formatter.  The data must be an array
reference as returned by L<Text::HatenaLite::Parser>.

=item $data = $formatter->as_jsonalizable

Return a Perl data structure that can be directly serializable as
JSON, representing the given parsed data.

The return value is an array reference, which contains hash references
representing nodes in the input document in order.  The hash
references contain following key-value pairs: The C<type> value is the
type of the node represented by the hash reference, e.g. C<text>,
C<http>, or C<keyword>.  The C<values> value is a hash reference
containing the key-value pairs representing the data of the node.  The
C<_> value in the C<values> hash is the source text of the node
(i.e. a text fragment written in Hatena Lite format).  Semantics and
syntax of other key-value pairs depend on C<type> of the node.  For
example, the C<text> node's C<values> hash contains C<value> whose
value is the textual value represented by the node.  Another example
is the C<url> value of the C<http> node, representing the URL pointed
by the node.  Complete list of node types and available C<values> keys
are available in the source code of L<Text::HatenaLite::Definitions>.

Please note that the method does not return JSON, but something that
can be converted into JSON.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Text::HatenaLite::Parser>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba (id:wakabatan) <wakabatan@hatena.ne.jp>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2012 Hatena <http://www.hatena.com/>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
