=head1 NAME

Text::HatenaLite::Parser - Hatena Notation Lite parser

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Text::HatenaLite::Parser;
  
  $data = Text::HatenaLite::Parser->parse_string($text);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Text::HatenaLite::Parser> module provides a parser for texts in
a lightweight variant of Hatena Notation (aka Hatena Syntax, or
"Hatena Kihou" in Japanese).

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item $parsed = Text::HatenaLite::Parser->parse_string($text)

Parse a text as Hatena Notation Lite.  The input must be a character
string.

The method return an array reference, which contains zero or more hash
references, which represent parsed tokens in the text.  The array
reference can be used as argument to formatter
(e.g. L<Text::HatenaLite::Formatter::HTML>) to obtain serializations
in some other document formats.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Text::HatenaLite::Formatter::PlainText>.

L<Text::HatenaLite::Formatter::HTML>.

An informal documentation of Hatena Syntax Lite is available at:
<http://h.hatena.com/help/advanced#syntax>.

=head1 DEVELOPMENT

Latest version of the module is available from GitHub repository:

=over 4

=item GitHub

<http://github.com/wakaba/perl-text-hatenalite>

=item Travis CI

<http://travis-ci.org/wakaba/perl-text-hatenalite>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba (id:wakabatan) <wakabatan@hatena.ne.jp>.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

These modules derived from parsers and formatters of various Hatena
Notation variations implemented by several Hatena services, including
Hatena Haiku, Hatena Haiku2 (tentative), Hatena Coco, Hatena Land, and
HatenaOne.  Thanks to following people for their contributions on
those parsers and formatters: cho45, chris4403, hakobe932, hitode909,
Junya Kondo, Kentaro Kuribayashi, lhapras, mechairoi, motemen,
ninjinkun, onishi, satzz, Wakaba.  The original impelemntation for
Hatena Coco, Hatena Land, and HatenaOne was inspired by
L<Text::Xatena> by cho45.  The original Hatena Notation, from which
Hatena Notation Lite derives, is implemented as part of Hatena Diary,
Hatena Group, and other services, developed and improved by serveral
Hatena engineers.  Thanks also to the other Hatena Staffs and the
users of these services for their bug reports and feature requests.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2007-2012 Hatena <http://www.hatena.com/>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
